Description
-----------

orion2cartodb is Python script to parse NGSI Context Brokers (such as Orion) subscriptions and feed a
CartoDB Map.

You can get Orion at: https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion

CartoDB is an open source cloud-based solution for showing maps on a website.

You can create an account at: http://cartodb.com/

Deployment, configuration and running
-----

orion2ducksboard must be deployed on a server reachable by the Context Broker.

orion2ducksboard is based on webapp2, please see https://webapp-improved.appspot.com for full details, so you will need to install the following dependences on your server:

```
    $ pip install WebOb
    $ pip install Paste
    $ pip install webapp2
```

Once webapp2 is installed, you must edit the orion2ducksboard configuration file (orion2ducksboard.yaml): 

-   orion2cartodb_host: your server IP address interface attached IP reachable by the Context Broker.
-   orion2cartodb_port: your server port. Please remember that must be reachable from Context Broker.
-   orion2cartodb_apikey: your private CartoDB API key.

Finally orion2ducksboard is ready to be started:

```
    $ python orion2cartodb
```


Usage
-----


### Create a subscription in ContextBroker

Please, consider using FIGWAY script UpdateEntityAttribute.py to update it, you find it at:

https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-figway/tree/master/python/ContextBroker

Anyway, you can create it on your own as follows:


       POST [[HOST]/v1/subscribeContext][]
       Accept: application/json
       Fiware-Service: **your_service**
       Content-Type: application/json
     
       {
       entities": [
           {
               "type": "device", 
               "isPattern": "false", 
               "id": "**your_entity**"
           }
       ],
       "attributes": [
           "**attribute1**",
           "**attribute2**"
       ],
        "reference": "[your_machine_service]"
        "duration": "P1M",
        "notifyConditions": [
              {
                   "type": "ONCHANGE",
                   "condValues": [
                   "**attribute1**",
                   "**attribute2**"
               ]
           }
       ],
       "throttling": "PT1S"
     }
     
    
Based on the subscription, a table will be generated introducing the attributes and their values as column name and value (for each of the assets) respectively. When a new attribute is added within the subscription, a new column will be appended to the table, and the previous values for the new attribute will be considered null in the previous assets.



### Update the ContextBroker entities

Please, consider using FIGWAY script SetSubscription.py to create it, you find it at:

https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-figway/tree/master/python/ContextBroker

Anyway, you can update it on your own as follows:


       POST [[HOST]/v1/updateContext][]
       Accept: application/json
       Fiware-Service: **your_service**
       Content-Type: application/json
     
       {
           "contextElements": [ 
       {
           "type": "**your_type**", 
           "isPattern": "false", 
           "id": "**your_entity**", 
           "attributes": [
              {
                   "name":  "**your_attribute**", 
                   "type":  "**your_id**", 
                   "value": "**your_value**"
               }] }
           ],
           "updateAction": "APPEND" }



### See the results

If everything went well, you should see the attribute updates at the CartoDB data table.


Limitations
-----------

-	Your table will be named with your machine service's name. Please, do not change manually your table name, otherwise another table under the former name will be generated by default. 




